[Docs] Recover precise prefix cache-aware well-lit-path (#1272)
llm-d/llm-d: docs/wip-docs-new/well-lit-paths/precise-prefix-cache-aware.md

KV-events have become the ecosystem-standard substrate for exposing accurate cache state — where reusable inference state lives and how it changes over time.
As KV-cache orchestration grows more sophisticated and agentic workloads stretch prefixes longer, cache state becomes something the control plane needs to observe and act on. The same view scales naturally to:
- tier-aware cache tracking across GPU HBM, CPU DRAM, local NVMe, and shared storage;
- policies that account for explicit prompt-cache placement and dynamic KV-offloading;
- cache movement and prefetching workflows for fleet-wide KV reuse;
- advanced KV retention and eviction policies for agentic patterns;
- hybrid-attention models where layer groups (full, sliding-window, linear) evict independently.

## Deploy

See the [precise prefix cache-aware guide](https://github.com/llm-d/llm-d/tree/main/guides/precise-prefix-cache-aware) for manifests and step-by-step deployment.

## Architecture

> The split is straightforward: **model servers** produce KV-events on every cache change; the **EPP** consumes them to score routing decisions. The two sides are decoupled — pods and EPP replicas scale independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The split is straightforward: **model servers** produce KV-events on every cache change; the **inference scheduler** consumes them to score pods for better routing decisions. The two sides are decoupled — model server and inference scheduler replicas scale independently.
```

> Inside the EPP:

Reviewer: EPP -> inference scheduler across the doc, let's be consistent across the guides

- An **indexer** consumes the event stream and maintains a `block key → pods` mapping for every block resident across the fleet.
- A **scorer** derives block keys deterministically from the input and queries the index. It returns the longest consecutive prefix each candidate pod has cached, weighted by tier.

> Events flow from model-server pods to the EPP over ZMQ. The default mode is **centralized** — every pod publishes to a single EPP endpoint, fitting a single replica. For multi-replica deployments, **pod discovery** has each EPP replica subscribe to every pod independently; all replicas converge to the same index, enabling active-active HA across schedulers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events flow from model-server pods to the EPP over ZMQ. The default mode is **centralized** — every pod publishes to a single EPP endpoint, fitting a single replica. For multi-replica deployments, **pod discovery** has each EPP replica subscribe to every model server pod independently; all replicas converge to the same index, enabling active-active HA across schedulers.
```
